yo yo yo people what is going on this is
in case Spartan killer and welcome to a
t-shirt announcement you guys have been
asking me for a long time Zack where can
we get your awesome shirts tell us
please well I give you sure well okay so
I thought help prices for you guys I
know you guys are like we're good is
gonna cause me like an arbiter lady
maybe I crap they took my kidney no
surprisingly they're not this shirt
right here is gonna be super cheap okay
so I found out the place that I get
these shirts from these shirts are
really nice by the way there american
apparel so they're good quality shirts
they're not some cibo super just painted
on thing this is like high quality I'm
not gonna give you guys trash I'm gonna
represent anyway ah the place that I get
this from it's all working on quantity
like the more I get the cheaper they are
so at the bottom end like if 10 to 14 m
you guys get it it will be thirty
dollars per shirt if tender fortunately
you guys get it will be thirty dollars a
shirt but on the upper end if in between
25 to 35 you guys get it it will only be
twenty dollars a shirt so this shirt
right here 25 you guys want it it's only
twenty dollars and I can get it on women
shirts I think I can get it on hats
sweatshirts the v necks I can get it on
any kind of shirt that you could ever
possibly think of because they have it
at the store so twenty dollars for this
shirt now this shirt for the join the
army with the AK Spartan killer on the
back if 10 to 14 of you guys get it it
will be thirty-five dollars for this one
but if 25 to 35 you guys get it it will
only be $22 so the only reason why it's
more expensive than the other one is
because it has writing on the front in
the back and so they have to like flip
the shirt over and reorient it and stuff
so it can be on any kind of shirt that
you want it can be on pretty much
anything that you want and it can be
small medium large extra large triple
extra-large super extra mondo large for
all you gangsters and I seriously want
to thank you guys so much for supporting
my channel and for subscribing and
spreading the word because this is
literally a dream
rue you guys have made my dream come
true okay and uh thank you guys so much
for everything that you've done thank
you guys for follow me on Twitter and I
just seriously I cannot thank you guys
enough you guys are awesome you guys
should all give yourself a pat on the
back and let me know in a message what's
up with the shirts also I found out that
you don't need to have an account with
paypal in order to do paypal all you
just need is a credit card so yeah I
hope I get a lot of response from you
guys for people that want to buy it and
if you don't just support me by liking
my videos I'm not gonna beg you guys to
get shirts because if you want you want
if not whatever but uh yeah thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this episode leave a comment
down below whatever you're thinking and
I will see you guys next time peace